project-prep.md, before:

# React Student Dashboard Reboot Project Prep 

<img src="./instruction-assets/group-plan.png" alt="group" width="400" height="400">

Welcome to the Student Dashboard Reboot! We're excited to see you dive into your first Pursuit project as a group.
 
Teamwork is vital to any successful developer and this assignment is meant to ensure you're ready to collaborate effectively and make the most of this experience.  

Keep in mind that group work is not working together as a group on one feature.  Group work means delegating responsibility between team members and meating agreed upon deadlines.  

## Planning Requirements

Your prep assignment submission should include the following components.  Remember, this work can and should be split amongst team members:

### 1. Trello Board
Create a Trello board that includes all project members (including instructors). Use the board to outline your project plan, tasks, and progress. This will serve as a dynamic tool for task management and collaboration.  


### 2. Delegated Tasks
Assign specific tasks to each team member. Define roles and responsibilities, ensuring everyone has a clear understanding of their contributions. This will foster efficient teamwork and individual accountability. Each task should detail a  User Story that explains a desired feature.  Each member of the team must be assigned at least one user story to work on over the course of the project.


### 3. Component Architecture
Diagram your component architecture. Clearly define how components will interact, including how state and props will flow. This visual representation will help you better understand the structure of your application.

### 4. Wireframes
Develop wireframes for both mobile and desktop views. Consider different screen sizes for tablets, desktops, and phones. This will guide your UI design and ensure a consistent user experience across devices.

### 5. Group Norms
Establish a set of group norms that outline how you'll communicate, make decisions, and handle conflicts. Clear norms will enhance collaboration and create a positive working environment.  This is a contract that you will all agree upon to work together on this project.  

It should include:
* When you will meet to work 
* How we choose to communicate - Slack? Email? Discord?
* Deliverables - what is each team member responsible for delivering?

Read and discuss [Group Norms and Teamwork](https://github.com/10-3-pursuit/unit-react/tree/main/group-norms-and-teamwork)

Make a list of what your team norms will be.

### 6. GitHub Repository
Create a GitHub repository for your project. Make sure to include all team members as collaborators. This will be your central hub for version control and collaborative coding.  Select one fellow to create and manage this repository.  

Keep in mind it is the expectation that every team member contribute a Pull Request to the main repository and git history will be monitored to see who is contributing what code.

## Deliverables

### Planning Documents
Planning documents for this project are due by ***End of Day on First Day of Project*** 
    
These include:
    - Trello Board
    - Wireframes
    - Github Repo Address
        
**Submit relevant links to JD & Dan in one Slack thread.**

### Stand Up 
Each team will have a daily, scheduled stand-up with one of the coaches.  During this stand up each teammember must describe:
* What features they have been working on 
* The next feature they intend on building
* What Blockers (if any) they are facing


Each team member is repsonsible for reviewing **ALL MEMBERS OF THEIR TEAM AND THEMSELVES** 

## Advice and Suggested Process

- **Strategy**: Plan with team, divide tasks, learn new skills, manage time, communicate consistently.
- **Data Handling**: Study and manipulate data carefully.
- **Development Approach**: Use planning tools, build features iteratively, commit often.
- **Fail Forward**: Bring your A game to your group. Time spent in doubt is time wasted. You each have something to contribute and bring to the table. Bring it!

Commit message:

update group norms and remove file

project-prep.md, after:

# React Student Dashboard Reboot Project Prep 

<img src="./instruction-assets/group-plan.png" alt="group" width="400" height="400">

Welcome to the Student Dashboard Reboot! We're excited to see you dive into your first Pursuit project as a group.
 
Teamwork is vital to any successful developer and this assignment is meant to ensure you're ready to collaborate effectively and make the most of this experience.  

Keep in mind that group work is not working together as a group on one feature.  Group work means delegating responsibility between team members and meating agreed upon deadlines.  

## Planning Requirements

Your prep assignment submission should include the following components.  Remember, this work can and should be split amongst team members:

### 1. Trello Board
Create a Trello board that includes all project members (including instructors). Use the board to outline your project plan, tasks, and progress. This will serve as a dynamic tool for task management and collaboration.  


### 2. Delegated Tasks
Assign specific tasks to each team member. Define roles and responsibilities, ensuring everyone has a clear understanding of their contributions. This will foster efficient teamwork and individual accountability. Each task should detail a  User Story that explains a desired feature.  Each member of the team must be assigned at least one user story to work on over the course of the project.


### 3. Component Architecture
Diagram your component architecture. Clearly define how components will interact, including how state and props will flow. This visual representation will help you better understand the structure of your application.

### 4. Wireframes
Develop wireframes for both mobile and desktop views. Consider different screen sizes for tablets, desktops, and phones. This will guide your UI design and ensure a consistent user experience across devices.

### 5. Group Norms
Establish a set of group norms that outline how you'll communicate, make decisions, and handle conflicts. Clear norms will enhance collaboration and create a positive working environment.  This is a contract that you will all agree upon to work together on this project.  

It should include:
* When you will meet to work 
* How we choose to communicate - Slack? Email? Discord?
* Deliverables - what is each team member responsible for delivering?

Use the list below to consider while compiling a document of group norms for your group:

1. Everyone thinks of the worst team they have been on (work, volunteer, sports team, school project).
1. Everyone takes a moment to jot some notes about why that experience was so terrible.
1. Ask everyone to share.
1. Everyone now thinks of the best team experience.
1. Everyone takes a moment to jot some notes about why that experience was so great.
1. Ask everyone to share.
1. Now ask what things make a good work experience versus a bad one.
1. Someone should volunteer to be a note taker - the note taker should open a google doc (or similar) and screen share so that everyone can see the list and be thoughtful about adding to it or adjusting it.
1. Ask team members to suggest behaviors and norms that would contribute to the team's success.
1. Discuss which ones can the team support and adhere to.
1. Flag any concerns or challenges (see below).
1. Discuss how to deal with a team member who does not follow norms (see below).
1. Someone else should volunteer to take the list and create a `must do` list - this list should be shared with your whole team and your instructor.

These are the norms your teams should now follow for the project.

Read and discuss [Group Norms and Teamwork](https://github.com/10-3-pursuit/unit-react/tree/main/group-norms-and-teamwork)

Make a list of what your team norms will be.

### 6. GitHub Repository
Create a GitHub repository for your project. Make sure to include all team members as collaborators. This will be your central hub for version control and collaborative coding.  Select one fellow to create and manage this repository.  

Keep in mind it is the expectation that every team member contribute a Pull Request to the main repository and git history will be monitored to see who is contributing what code.

## Deliverables

### Planning Documents
Planning documents for this project are due by ***End of Day on First Day of Project*** 
    
These include:
    - Trello Board
    - Wireframes
    - Github Repo Address
        
**Submit relevant links to JD & Dan in one Slack thread.**

### Stand Up 
Each team will have a daily, scheduled stand-up with one of the coaches.  During this stand up each teammember must describe:
* What features they have been working on 
* The next feature they intend on building
* What Blockers (if any) they are facing


Each team member is repsonsible for reviewing **ALL MEMBERS OF THEIR TEAM AND THEMSELVES** 

## Advice and Suggested Process

- **Strategy**: Plan with team, divide tasks, learn new skills, manage time, communicate consistently.
- **Data Handling**: Study and manipulate data carefully.
- **Development Approach**: Use planning tools, build features iteratively, commit often.
- **Fail Forward**: Bring your A game to your group. Time spent in doubt is time wasted. You each have something to contribute and bring to the table. Bring it!
